# Memes Project Outline
Drawing on the Web Final Project

For my final project in this class, I’d like to do a number of HTML Canvas drawings inspired by popular memes. I spend a lot of time on Reddit, and although they’re not very serious, memes are a great source for comedy and possibly even art, and have become increasingly important in pop culture. I think it would be interesting to use HTML Canvas to generate and animate both images and text used in memes. I would like to experiment with using the p5 animation techniques to animate elements of existing, still-image memes. I also think it would be interesting to use JavaScript (and maybe JSON, I have some experience with it) to randomly generate text or even entire memes from a database that I select. For instance, memes are typically formatted as variations of text accompanying a common image, but I could use JavaScript to let a user select a topic and then randomly draw a meme using that topic. I would achieve this by drawing images and text separately, and I would only draw the text using the HTML Canvas, not using HTML elements.

Some memes that would be well suited for this technique include the Arthur Fist meme, the Increasing Intelligence meme, the Whomst meme, and the Who Would Win? Meme.

I know that memes can seem kind of silly, but I think that they’re simple format lends itself well to generating custom memes through the HTML Canvas. I want to try something ambitious with this project, and make sure that even all of my drawings are, at the very least, generated through a JavaScript procedure which selects the content from a database it can draw upon.

I am including as images/sketches a few memes based on the angry Arthur Fist meme. This text could be procedurally generated, and I could come up with some funny NYU jokes and WebDev references. I think it would also be interesting to have the user be able to move the fist around, which hopefully would not be too difficult to do, but I haven't included this in the examples.
